Update delegate release notes for Hotfix 81809 (#4753)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

- When the feature flag `PL_NO_EMAIL_FOR_SAML_ACCOUNT_INVITES` is enabled and a new user was added on the Account Access Control: Users page, the following message was displayed: "Invitation sent successfully", even though the user was added to the list. (PL-42860)

   This issue has been resolved, and the UI now displays "User added successfully".
  
### Version 23.12.81809

#### Hotfix

> - Fixed an issue where Github Issue Comment Triggers are failing when used with Github Enterprise Server. (CDS-85419)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where GitHub Issue Comment event triggers were failing when used with GitHub Enterprise Server. (CDS-85419)
```
